refactor(curriculum): restructure sudoku solver python project (#54303)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-classes-and-objects-by-building-a-sudoku-solver/6606bbd52233b247cf0a56e4.md

---
id: 6606bbd52233b247cf0a56e4
title: Step 23
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-23
---

# --description--

> Now, turn the `1` you modified before back into a `0` to restore the original board. Then, delete your `print` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, revert the `1` you modified earlier to a `0` to restore the original board configuration. Then, remove your `print` statement.
```
